V5.33 documentation (#4393)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment/sso-gitlab.rst

GitLab Single Sign-On
=====================

Configure Mattermost to use GitLab as a single sign-on (SSO) service for team creation, account creation, and user sign-in. 

.. Note:: 

>   Only the default GitLab SSO is officially supported. "Double SSO", where GitLab SSO is chained to other SSO solutions, is not supported. It may be possible to connect GitLab SSO with AD, LDAP, SAML, or MFA add-ons in some cases, but because of the special logic required they're not officially supported and are known not to work on some experiences. If having official AD, LDAP, SAML, or MFA support is critical to your enterprise, please consider `Mattermost Enterprise Edition <https://mattermost.com/pricing/>`__ as an option. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Only the default GitLab SSO is officially supported. "Double SSO", where GitLab SSO is chained to other SSO solutions, is not supported. It may be possible to connect GitLab SSO with AD, LDAP, SAML, or MFA add-ons in some cases, but because of the special logic required they're not officially supported and are known not to work in some instances. If having official AD, LDAP, SAML, or MFA support is critical to your enterprise, please consider `Mattermost Enterprise Edition <https://mattermost.com/pricing/>`__ as an option. 
```

7. Select **Save**.

Alternatively, you can add the GitLab settings directly to the ``config.json`` file on your Mattermost server.

1. Open ``config.json`` as *root* in a text editor. It’s usually in ``/opt/mattermost/config`` but it might be elsewhere on your system.
2. Locate the ``GitLabSettings`` section, then add or update the following information:

.. code-block:: text

  "GitLabSettings": {
    "Enable": true,
    "Secret": "d4ff651332d26b0f76a18141ec6b72d59e04ad",
    "Id": "f4c18eb49f437407758de8b9803668ae6",
    "Scope": "profile openid email",
    "AuthEndpoint": "",
    "TokenEndpoint": "",
    "UserApiEndpoint": "",
    "DiscoveryEndpoint": "https://gitlab.com/.well-known/openid-configuration",
    "ButtonText": "",
    "ButtonColor": ""
  }

3. Save your changes, then restart your Mattermost server. After the server restarts, users must change their sign-in method before they can sign in with GitLab.

(Optional) Step 3: Force users to sign up using SSO only
--------------------------------------------------------

To force all users to sign up with SSO only, go to **System Console > Authentication > Email**, then set **Enable sign-in with email** to **false**. 

> Alternatively, add this setting to the ``config.json`` file directly in the ``EmailSettings`` section and set ``EnableSignUpWithEmail`` to ``false``. You must save your changes and restart the Mattermost server. Users must change their sign-in method before they can sign in to Mattermost with GitLab.

Reviewer: More a question on this for my understanding...  If users are forced to sign up with SSO only, and signing in with email is set to "false", are they still able to go to account settings to change their sign-in method from email to GitLab (or is this managed by the setting in the system console/config.json and automatically shows GitLab as sign-in method?)
